---
id: s3
title: S3
sidebar_label: S3
slug: /esquire/avrick_movers/s3
---

This documentation is for a clearer description of what type of files/information is in each of the folders within the **esquire-movers** bucket. 

  1. [*AVRICK-premovers/*](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=AVRICK-premovers/&showversions=false) <br /> 
This folder will always contain one CSV file following the naming convention **PREM_ESQUIRE**\_MMDDYYYY.csv. The records in this file all belong to the addresses of homes that have just listed their current home for sale and will shortly be moving into a new home for the week listed in the file naming convention. The following columns can be found in the pre movers CSV: *add1, add2, city, st, zip* and *zip4*. 
     
  2. [*AVRICK-pendingfile-escrow-movers/*](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=AVRICK-pendingfile-escrow-movers/&showversions=false) <br />
This folder will always contain one CSV file following the naming convention **PENDING_ESQUIRE**\_MMDDYYYY.csv. The records in this file all belong to addresses of homes that are under contract to sell and have entered escrow (sales will usually close within 30 days with the old owner vacating for the new owner) for the week listed in the file naming convention. The following columns can be found in the escrow movers CSV:: *add1x, add2x, city, st, zip, zip4* and *dt*. 

  3. [*AVRICK-combined-newmovers-weekly/*](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=AVRICK-combined-newmovers-weekly/&showversions=false) <br />
  This folder will only contain one file for a split second before it gets copied to another folder and deleted. This descision was made because the client didn't want to see multple files cluttering the space durning the SFTP drop.
  
  4. [*movers-3-month-segment-partitioned/*](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=movers-3-month-segment-partitioned/&showversions=false) <br /> 
  This folder will always contain 12 CSV files (i.e. The most recent three months worth of movers data) following the naming convention **CNM_ESQUIRE**\_MMDDYYYY.csv. The records in this file all belong to addresses of homes where the homeowner had reported a chagne of address for the week listed in the file naming comvention. The following columns can be found in the new movers CSV: *add1, add2, city, st, zip, zip4, dt* and *keycode2*. 
  
  5. [*esquire-movers/movers-3-month-segment-combined/*](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=movers-3-month-segment-combined/&showversions=false) <br />
  This folder will always contain 1 CSV file following the naming convention **combined_movers**\_YYYY-MM-DD.csv. The records in this file are the same records that can be found in the *movers-3-month-segment-partitioned/*, except this file will contain an additional three weeks of data. 
  
  6. [*archived-data/*](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=archived-data/&showversions=false) <br /> 
  This folder holds the additional folders: <br />
  >> - [*archive premovers/* ](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=archived-data/archive+premovers/&showversions=false) - Holds all of the old pre mover files
  >> - [*archive pending-escrow-movers/*](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=archived-data/archive+pending-escrow-movers/&showversions=false) - Holds all of the old escrow mover files
  >> - [*archive movers-3-month-segment-partitioned/*](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=archived-data/archive+movers-3-month-segment-partitioned/&showversions=false) - Holds all of the old partitioned new mover files 
  >> - [*archive movers-3-month-segment-combined/*](https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/esquire-movers?region=us-east-2&prefix=archived-data/archive+movers-3-month-segment-combined/&showversions=false) - Holds all of the old combined new mover files
  
  
