---
id: s3
title: S3
sidebar_label: S3
slug: /esquire/zips_observations/s3
---

The S3 architecture for Zipcodes and Observations is all contained to one S3 bucket, *esquire-api-taps*. it is broken down relatively consistently into a different folder for **zipcodes** adn **observations**. This description will go through each level of the heirarchy and describe each role. We will begin inside the *esquire-api-taps/tap-onspot/* folder. For a more visual explanation, refer to the image below. 

### cloudwatch/
This contains each cloudwatch log related with the aws Batch jobs. The folder structure is by date, so year >> month >> day >> hour. 

### input/
This folder is used to hold the input for the OnSpot API call. Inside this folder it is broken down into **active_locations**, which holds the latest updated locations Esquire would like zipcode and observations data for, and the **archive/** which logically holds previously active_locations with a date for when they were in the active_locations file. 

### output/
This folder holds each part of the OnSpot API call. It has a folder called *requests/* that is broken down into *observations/* and *zipcodes/* where each have a formatted verison of the input body used for the initial OnSpot API call from the tap. The input body filename is **< stream\_name >**\_**response\_id**.json. The stream_name is either "zipcodes" or "observations" and the response_id is the ID that is returned from OnSpot in the original response. This folder also holds an inner folder *archived_requests/* that is unnecessary and holds previously unorganized request files. It also holds address_devices files that do not impact the Zipcode and Observations process.

It also has a folder called *targets/*. This folder is where the orignal OnSpot API response is sent. Because OnSpot API is an asychronous API, the original response is purely confirmation that OnSpot has recieved a correctly formatted API call. The *targets/* folder is broken down into *observations/* and *zipcodes/* for each corressponding stream.

 The actual OnSpot API responses are held in the *responses/* folder. This folder is not organized beyond that. The file name is ***response_id**.json* The response_id that is used in this filename will match the **response_id** saved in the request file. 

The combination of the requests and response files are sent to the *combined/* folder. It is broken down into *observations/* and *zipcodes/*. The filename is ***stream\_name**_EA~#####_**date**.json, where stream_name is "zipcodes" or "observations", the EA~##### is a Esquire defined unique identifier for the location, and the date is the date the OnSpot API call is made.

 The final sub-folder inside of *output/* is an *errors/* folder. It is broken down into *observations/* and *zipcodes/*. The file name is *observations\_esquire\_locations\_<**date**>.json. 

 ### pipeline/
 This  is the folder used to hold all of the files necessary to run the onspot-tap. Inside the folder it has *tap_config.json* file used to determine the intializing of the API call, *catalog.json* file used to determine the schema of the endpoint, *state_previous.json* file used to bookmark the last tap of the OnSpot API, and *target_config.json* file used to format the API response. 

